Recently interviewed at DoorDash.

Onsite had 4 rounds System Design, Data Modeling, Business Partner and Leadership

The recruiter who had reached out regarding the role had transferred my profile to other recruiter at onsite process.

This new recruiter , not friendly. In a cold email said that I should book time on her calendar for a prep call. Well there was not a single slot available for next 3 weeks. I kept checking for couple of days and finally found one. On the day of call she rescheduled for different time. On the call read the same pdf that she had shared with me over the email on what to expect. Not a great conversation. I’ve  met really good recruiters who are friendly enough.

System Design question - question was quite big 6-7 lines. I’ll put it in simple words - Design DataBricks! Yes, you read it right! Interviewer was interested in knowing how will I write exact YAML code for this. I was able to answer all his questions.

Data Modeling - Design fitness app. But the interviewer wanted me to draw visualizations. Well never in my past 8 years of work experience I had to do any visualizations but looks like DE in DoorDash work on visualizations as well. It wasn’t a basic graph , some advanced trend graph.

Business Partner - DoorDash expanding business how will you go about it etc. basic questions interviewer also seem to be onboarded on the approaches

Leadership - Hiring Manager joined 2-3 minutes late. Didn’t bother to apologize. I ignored that and continued to talk with my positive energy. He said he will leave 10 minutes at the end for me to ask any questions.

Questions were normal tell me about the time kind. Situation based. I answered all. He had multiple follow up questions. Kept asking something from the list. It was almost 5 minutes to end the meeting and then he stopped and started sharing about the team. Even here he didn’t ask if I have any questions. I had to ask him when we were at time if I can ask couple of questions. I felt like I performed well.

Next day morning Recruiter’s cold email came in that team has not decided to move forward.

Happy to answer any questions anyone ha